# Fit-Plan-Database
This database is utilized for people who wants to keep fit, by doing sports and control their daily calories.  Intuitively, a user could record what they eat, how much calories they have and what sports they did each day.  They can also record their initial basic and health information, including some fixed information like name, address, blood type, gender, and some variable information like weight, height.  After having recorded their information, they can take a health plan, with specified starting date, and each health plan have its own categories, like reduce fat or increase muscle.  Moreover, a meal plan is embedded inside each health plan, so user could quantify how much calorie they take each day(eat), and how much calorie they exhaust each day(sports).  Also, user could record their change in weight and other health information periodically, to check whether they have made progress.  To fully utilized this database, a clever user should browse the food within each food category to keep a balanced diet.   For further analysis, I could use the database to analyze the relationships between people's health information and people's basic information.  For example, this database has recorded users' basic information(click "User Basic Information") including their address, and some basic health information(click "User Health Indormation") like blood type, age, etc. If the amount of data is large, we can build a relation between the basic information and health information, e.g. Are people in Chicago heavier than people in New York?  Also, we can include the user's progress(click "Progress" ) to analyze user's progress with respect to their basic and health information.   To utilize those analysis, user's progress could be quantitatively analyzed, so we need to include more variables to quantify user's progress. For example, not only weight and height should be recorded, BMI should also be recorded as well.  Also, we can analyze from another aspect, that is which plan is more efficient? We can build a relationship between health plan(click "Plan"), meal plan(Click "Meal") and users' progress(Click "Progress").  To be detailed, we could analyze according to the types of health plan(increase muscle or reduce fat?), analyze from the duration(ending date minus starting date), and meal plans included to better build to relationship.  However, to analyze further, we need to further categorize our health plan, to categorize them in more detailed type, and categorize meal plans in more details as well. For example, we could categorize our meals plan according to the nutrition facts of food included in the meal plan. e.g. 0-fat meal plan, no gluten meal plan, etc.
